This is the interim document for meeting agenda items.  The order of the
agenda items is purely a suggestion until the pre-meeting prioritisation
step has occured.

Pre meeting trivia:

0.1.  Are we all agreed that there is a quorum present?
0.2.  Nominate a meeting chairperson and minute taker
0.3.  State to all that this meeting will be held under the Chatham House Rule
0.4.  Prioritise the agenda items (if not done before the meeting)
      and join together any that are obviously the same.

There were four agenda items Carried over from previous meeting, which
have now been integrated into the list below.

1. Directors needed (proposed by: hamish)

Since we currently have no standing directors, we need to elect some.
The Hong Kong companies regulations seems to require that there are at
least two directors, but that could allow a deadlock.  I suggest that
we have a minimum of three directors - and that we elect none until we
have three acceptable candidates.  Since - by law - we cannot continue
without directors, this is a key part of legally continuing to operate
the space.

1b. Closure of HKmake Ltd. (proposed by: Lio)

2. Membership dues

2.1. What about gap months? To be discussed on next meeting

Carried over from previous meeting

2.2 Are the membership dues too low? (proposed by: hamish)

Using the last 12 months of membership data, I am able to calculate
some figures:
    Average outgoing per month: $14026
    Current average members each month: 19
    At current membership cost, we would need 25 members
    At $600 per month, we would need 21 members
    (both needed member counts incorporate the income from the bookshelves)
(For reference, see accounts-report.txt for the detailed report data)

2.3. Membership fees increase (proposed by: brad)

I propose that we:
   1. Increase membership price to 600 for adults and 300 for students
   2. If Makerbay or Makerhive increase their prices, we should use that
      as a sign that our prices should be revised.

   Comparison: Makerbay
        200/day, 750/wk, 1500/mth, 40/box
        https://www.makerbay.org/collections/memberships
   Comparison: Makerhive
        1000/wk (workshop only), 1500/wk
        http://makerhive.com.hk/membership/
   Comparison:  Robotics Garage
       50/day, 200/wk, 600/mth, 1500/quarter, 2500/half-yr (adult)
        https://robotics-garage.hkstp.org/membership/
   Note: We get 30 members at the peak and 15 members at lowest,
       So assuming 20 members on average, 12500/20=625

2.4. Introductory membership fee (proposed by: Anthony)

To make it easier to attract new members, should we have a reduced price
for your first month?  I suggest making the same price as the student
fee

2.5. A temporary increased membership fee (proposed by: Anthony)

If we need to increase the membership fees, we should do that for a
trial 3 month period and evaluate how that worked.  If we are good
at fundraising, we could return it to the original rate then.

3. Members' Contact information

3.1. Emergency contacts (proposed by: nicolas)

We should have a list of the people who have the physical key and
their updated phone number / emails to contact in case of emergency

3.2. All Members should be contactable by the space (proposed by: hamish)

We have a policy for orphaned items left in the space that includes
contacting the owner and giving them one month to remove it.  This
means that the space needs a database of member contact details.
I suggest getting an email address from each person.  Possibly this
could then be used for automatically joining them to the members
list.  This should also be used to send dues payment reminders.

3.3. Slack: every member must have an account on Slack. (proposed by: nicolas)

It is easier to maintain than the mailing list. Members should not be
required to install it on their phone.

But we also could drop the Slack and implement a private IRC server,
with sub-channels open to member only and use to connect to it the
Smuxi software.

For any people not knowing about IRC or needing a refresh, we could have
a quick course on it.

4. We will discuss the current events leading up to Friday including
codes of conduct in general and how to apply them (proposed by: nicolas)

5. Vote on adopting a Code of Conduct (proposed by: brad)

(I am considering this item to replace the "Code of conduct Bring up
again next meeting, not prepared" agenda item carried over from the
previous meeting)

Hamish has done some research and found a widely used template
code of conduct.  Please read the file "proposed/code_of_conduct.md"
in this respository and consider it for adoption.

6. mailing list site has expired ssl cert (proposed by: hamish)

Hopefully it is self-evident that we should not be using any expired
SSL certificates on websites.

7. Becoming part of the Chaos Computer Club

Carried over from previous meeting

Proposal needs more work, bring it up again at next general meeting with
more information

8. Long term future of DSL/HKMake Ltd

Carried over from previous meeting

We need to further investigate what company structures are viable in
the future Bring up again next general meeting

9. Update on the Design Trust Grant (proposed by: nicolas)

as far as I know we passed the deadline. So what is the status on this
project?

10. Use of any future profits (proposed by: brad)

If in the future - when we have paid off all our debts (eg: the overdue
rent) - we make a profit then a minimum of 10% of any monthly profit
should be kept aside to prepare for future rent and repairs.

11. Changes to fees for courses/training hosted in DSL (proposed by: brad)

I propose that we consider changing the fees we charge for people to
run courses or training sessions in the space, choosing one of these
two options:
   1. Any courses hosted here must pay 50 dollar per seat,
      instead of 50% of revenue like we used to do
    or
   2. Any courses hosted here must pay 100 dollar per seat,
      instead of 50% of revenue like we used to do

12. Alternative space available in Makerbay in Tinhau (proposed by: Lio)

