
Memorandum of Association

1.  The name of the Company (hereinafter "the Association") is HKMake Limited
     香港創造有限公司

2.  The registered office of the Association will be situated in the
    Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

3.  The objects for which the Association is established are:

    a.  To promoted and support science, engineering and art;

    b.  To provide a physical location for members to practice their
        interests in science, engineering and art;

    c.  To provide a forum for members to find like-minded people
        to further their interests in science, engineering and art;

    d.  To foster collaboration between its members and members of similar
        organizations in other jurisdictions;

    e.  To provide a platform through which to raise the awareness amongst
        general public of practicing science, engineering and art
        in everyday lives, and to foster this culture in Hong Kong;

4.  In support of the objects, but not otherwise, the Association
    shall have power to do all things incidental or conducive to the
    attainment of the objects or any of them.  In particular (but without
    limitation) the Association shall have the following powers:

    a.  to pay out of the Association's funds the costs of incurred
        in forming the Association;

    b.  to pay out of the Association's funds premiums on insurance
        policies to cover the liability of the members of the Board of
        Directors established by the Articles of Association which by
        virtue of any rule of law would otherwise attache to them in
        respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of
        trust of which they may be guilty in relation to the Association:
        provided that any such insurance of indemnity shall not extend
        to any claim arising from criminal neglect or deliberate default
        on their part;

5.  The income and capital of the Association shall be applied solely
    towards the promotion of the objects of the Association; and no part
    of the income or capital shall be paid or transferred, directly or
    indirectly, to the members of the Association, whether by way of
    dividend or bonus or otherwise in the form of profit.  This shall
    not prevent the payment of:

    a.  reasonable and proper remuneration to any officer, employee, or
        member of the Association in return for any services provided to
        the Association;

    b.  a reasonable rate of interest on money lent to the Association;

    c.  reasonable rent for property let to the Association;

    d.  approved out-of-pocket expenses to any member;

    e.  premiums on the indemnity insurance referred to in clause 4.2

6.  The liability of the members is limited.

7.  Every member of the company undertakes to contribute to the assets
    of the company in the event of its being wound up while he is
    a member, or within 1 year afterwards, for payment of the debts
    and liabilities of the company contracted before he ceases to be a
    member, and the costs, charges and expenses of winding up, and for
    the adjustment of the rights of the contributories among themselves,
    such amount as may be required not exceeding $100.

Note: at this point in the original PDF, there was a struck out sentence
fragment - as it is struck out, it has been deemed not part of the document

8.  If on the winding up or dissolution of the Association there remains
    any surplus property after satisfaction of the Association's debts
    and liabilities, the surplus shall not be paid to the members of
    the Association, but shall be either:

    a.  given or transferred to some other institution or institutions
        having objects similar to the objects of the Association; or

    b.  If no such payment is possible, any surplus shall be applied to a
        charitable object.  In each case, the recipient body or bodies
        shall be chosen by the members as at the date of winding up
        or dissolution.

We, the several persons whose names and address are hereto subscribed, wish
to be formed into a Company in pursuance of this Memorandum of Association:

Note: The full name, address and signatures for these persons and their
witness can be viewed in the original PDF.  Only the English name and
profession have been transcribed.

1.      LEE, Shang Hsin Julian,         Investment Professional.
2.      Alexander Michael LIST,         IT Professional
3.      LIANG, Wei-Yuen William,        Entrepreneur
4.      Jonathan BUFORD,                Entrepreneur
5.      Alex HORNSTEIN,                 Investor
6.      Timothy CHANG
7.      Martin DENGLER,                 IT Professional
8       Stewart MACKENZIE,              Company Owner
9.      LEUNG, Elton Yu Man,            Company Owner
10.     Paul, SYKES,                    IT Professional
11.     Mathis Aurelius,                Student

Dated this 11th day of October, 2011.

Witness to the above signatures,
                                        Thomas Alexander Grek
                                        Solicitor.

