This is an OCR and  hand edited version of the scanned in original
Memorandum and Articles.  In the case of any conflict between the two
versions, the original scanned version should be considered the definitive
version.


                            Memorandum of Association

1.  The name of the Company (hereinafter "the Association") is HKMake Limited
     香港創造有限公司

2.  The registered office of the Association will be situated in the
    Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

3.  The objects for which the Association is established are:

    a.  To promoted and support science, engineering and art;

    b.  To provide a physical location for members to practice their
        interests in science, engineering and art;

    c.  To provide a forum for members to find like-minded people
        to further their interests in science, engineering and art;

    d.  To foster collaboration between its members and members of similar
        organizations in other jurisdictions;

    e.  To provide a platform through which to raise the awareness amongst
        general public of practicing science, engineering and art
        in everyday lives, and to foster this culture in Hong Kong;

4.  In support of the objects, but not otherwise, the Association
    shall have power to do all things incidental or conducive to the
    attainment of the objects or any of them.  In particular (but without
    limitation) the Association shall have the following powers:

    a.  to pay out of the Association's funds the costs of incurred
        in forming the Association;

    b.  to pay out of the Association's funds premiums on insurance
        policies to cover the liability of the members of the Board of
        Directors established by the Articles of Association which by
        virtue of any rule of law would otherwise attache to them in
        respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of
        trust of which they may be guilty in relation to the Association:
        provided that any such insurance of indemnity shall not extend
        to any claim arising from criminal neglect or deliberate default
        on their part;

5.  The income and capital of the Association shall be applied solely
    towards the promotion of the objects of the Association; and no part
    of the income or capital shall be paid or transferred, directly or
    indirectly, to the members of the Association, whether by way of
    dividend or bonus or otherwise in the form of profit.  This shall
    not prevent the payment of:

    a.  reasonable and proper remuneration to any officer, employee, or
        member of the Association in return for any services provided to
        the Association;

    b.  a reasonable rate of interest on money lent to the Association;

    c.  reasonable rent for property let to the Association;

    d.  approved out-of-pocket expenses to any member;

    e.  premiums on the indemnity insurance referred to in clause 4.2

6.  The liability of the members is limited.

7.  Every member of the company undertakes to contribute to the assets
    of the company in the event of its being wound up while he is
    a member, or within 1 year afterwards, for payment of the debts
    and liabilities of the company contracted before he ceases to be a
    member, and the costs, charges and expenses of winding up, and for
    the adjustment of the rights of the contributories among themselves,
    such amount as may be required not exceeding $100.

Note: at this point in the original PDF, there was a struck out sentence
fragment - as it is struck out, it has been deemed not part of the document

8.  If on the winding up or dissolution of the Association there remains
    any surplus property after satisfaction of the Association's debts
    and liabilities, the surplus shall not be paid to the members of
    the Association, but shall be either:

    a.  given or transferred to some other institution or institutions
        having objects similar to the objects of the Association; or

    b.  If no such payment is possible, any surplus shall be applied to a
        charitable object.  In each case, the recipient body or bodies
        shall be chosen by the members as at the date of winding up
        or dissolution.

We, the several persons whose names and address are hereto subscribed, wish
to be formed into a Company in pursuance of this Memorandum of Association:

Note: The full name, address and signatures for these persons and their
witness can be viewed in the original PDF.  Only the English name and
profession have been transcribed.

1.      LEE, Shang Hsin Julian,         Investment Professional.
2.      Alexander Michael LIST,         IT Professional
3.      LIANG, Wei-Yuen William,        Entrepreneur
4.      Jonathan BUFORD,                Entrepreneur
5.      Alex HORNSTEIN,                 Investor
6.      Timothy CHANG
7.      Martin DENGLER,                 IT Professional
8       Stewart MACKENZIE,              Company Owner
9.      LEUNG, Elton Yu Man,            Company Owner
10.     Paul, SYKES,                    IT Professional
11.     Mathis Aurelius,                Student

Dated this 11th day of October, 2011.

Witness to the above signatures,
                                        Thomas Alexander Grek
                                        Solicitor.



                      THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE (CHAPTER 32)
                      ____________________________________

           Company Limited by Guarantee and not having a Share Capital
           ___________________________________________________________

                             ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

                                       OF

                           HKMake LIMITED 香港創造有限公司
           ___________________________________________________________

                                 Interpretation

1.  In these Articles, save where the context otherwise requires:-

    a.  "Ordinance" (本條例) means the Companies Ordinance, Chapter 32
        of the laws of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, and any
        modification thereto;
        
    b.	"The Association" means the above-named Company, established
        for the purposes expressed in the Memorandum of Association;
    
    c.  "These Articles" means these Articles of Association, and the
        regulations of the Association from time to time in force;

    d.  "The Board" means the Board of Directors of the Association;

    e.  "Seal" (印章) means the Common Seal of the Association;

    f.  "Secretary" (秘書) means any person appointed to perform the
        duties of the secretary of the Association.

Expressions referring to writing shall, unless the contrary intention
appears, be construed as including references to printing, lithography,
photography, and other modes of representing or reproducing words in a
visible form.

These Articles shall be construed with reference to the provisions of
the Ordinance and terms used in these Articles shall be taken as having
the same respective meanings as they have when used in the Ordinance.

If not inconsistent with the subject or context, words importing the
singular number only shall include the plural number and vice versa.

Words purporting one gender shall where the context admits include the
other gender.

                                     Members

2.  The number of members with which the Association proposes to be
    registered is 500, but the the Board may from time to time register an
    increase of members.

3.  The members of the Association shall be divided into such classes as
    the Board may from time to time determine. The following classes shall
    be established:-

    a.  Full Members. These shall comprise persons whose applications
        for membership have been accepted by the Board. provided they
        have paid all monies due to the Association, including monthly
        fees as may be required by the Board. Full Members shall have
        unfettered access to the facilities of the Association (unless
        otherwise previously notified by the Board), and shall have the
        right to vote at General Meetings of the Association.

    b.  Associate Members. These shall comprise persons whose applications
        for membership have been accepted by the Board, provided they
        have paid all monies due to the Association, including monthly
        fees as may be required by the Board. Associate Members shall
        have the right to vote at General Meetings of the Association,
        and shall have the right to access the facilities of the
        Association. provided at least ONE (1) Full Member is present.

    c.  Student / Disadvantaged Member. These shall comprise economically
        disadvantaged persons whose applications for membership have been
        accepted by the Board. The Board shall consider these applications
        on a case-by-case basis, and shall prescribe the monthly fees
        (whether in cash or in-kind) as well as the rights that the
        particular member is entitled to enjoy. Members falling within
        this class shall have the status of their membership reviewed
        no less than once every 6 months.

4.  The founder members and such other persons as the Board shall admit
    to membership shall be members of the Association. No person shall
    be admitted as a member of the Association unless he is approved by
    the Board. Every person who wishes to become a member shall deliver
    to the Association an application for membership in such a form as
    the Board requires to be executed by him. Every Full and Associate
    Member shall pay the current subscription as proposed by the Board,
    which shall be subject to the endorsement by the members at the
    General Meetings.

5.  A member may at any time withdraw from the Association by giving at
    least I calendar month notice in writing to the Association.
    Membership shall not be transferable and shall cease on death.

                                General Meetings

6.  The Association shall in each year hold a general meeting as its
    annual general meeting in addition to any other meetings in that year,
    and shall specify the meeting as such in the notices calling it; and
    not more than 15 months shall elapse between the date of one annual
    general meeting of the Association and that of the next. Provided
    that so long as the Association holds its first annual general
    meeting within 18 months of its incorporation, it need not hold
    it in the year of its incorporation or in the following year. The
    annual general meeting shall be held at such time and place as the
    Board shall appoint.

7.  All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be
    called extraordinary general meetings.

8.  The Board may, whenever they think fit. convene an extraordinary
    general meeting, and extraordinary general meetings shall also be
    convened on such requisition, or, in default, may be convened by such
    requisitionists, as provided by section 113 of the Ordinance. If
    at any time there are not within Hong Kong sufficient directors
    capable of acting to form a quorum, any director or any 10 members
    of the Association may convene an extraordinary general meeting in
    the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may
    be convened by the Board.

                           Notice of General Meetings

9.  An annual general meeting and a meeting called for the passing of
    a special resolution shall be called by 14 days' notice in writing
    at the least, and a meeting of the Association other than an annual
    general meeting or a meeting for the passing of a special resolution
    shall be called by 7 days' notice in writing at the least.  The notice
    shall be exclusive of the day on which it is served or deemed to
    be served and of the day for which it is given, and shall specify
    the place, the day and the hour of meeting and, in case of special
    business, the general nature of that business and shall be given,
    in manner hereinafter mentioned or in such other manner. if any,
    as may be prescribed by the Association in general meeting, to such
    persons as are, under the articles of the Association. entitled to
    receive such notices from the Association:

    Provided that a meeting of the Association shall, notwithstanding that
    it is called by shorter notice than that specified in this article be
    deemed to have been duly called if it is so agreed:
        (a) in the case of a meeting called as the annual general meeting,
            by all the members entitled to attend and vote thereat; and
        (b) in the case of any other meeting, by a majority in number
            of the members having a right to attend and vote at the
            meeting. being a majority together representing not less
            than 95 per cent of the total voting rights of all the
            members entitled to attend and vote at that meeting.

10. The accidental omission to give notice of a meeting to, or the
    non-receipt of notice of a meeting by, any person entitled to receive
    notice shall not invalidate the proceedings at that meeting.

                         Proceedings at General Meetings

11. All business shall be deemed special that is transacted at an
    extraordinary general meeting, and also all that is transacted at
    an annual general meeting, with the exception of the consideration
    of the accounts, balance sheets, and the reports of the Board and
    auditors, the election of the Board in the place of those retiring
    and the appointment of, and the fixing of the remuneration of,
    the auditors.

12. No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum
    of members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to
    business and continues to be present until the conclusion of the
    meeting; save as herein otherwise provided, 10 members present in
    person shall be a quorum.

13. If within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting a
    quorum is not present, the meeting, if convened upon the requisition
    of members, shall be dissolved; in any other case it shall stand
    adjourned to the same day in the next week, at the same time and
    place, or to such other day and at such other time and place as the
    Board may determine, and if at the adjourned meeting a quorum is not
    present within half an hour from the time appointed for the meeting
    the members present shall be a quorum.

14. The chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors shall preside as
    chairman at every general meeting of the Association, or if there is
    no such chairman, or if he shall not be present within 15 minutes
    after the time appointed for the holding of the meeting or is
    unwilling to act or is absent from Hong Kong or has given notice to
    the Association of his intention not to attend the meeting, the Board
    present shall elect one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

15. If at any meeting no director is willing to act as chairman or if
    no director is present within 15 minutes after the time appointed
    for holding the meeting, the members present shall choose one of
    their number to be chairman of the meeting.

16. The chairman may, with the consent of any meeting at which a quorum
    is present (and shall if so directed by the meeting), adjourn the
    meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business
    shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting other than the business
    left unfinished at the meeting from which the adjournment took
    place. When a meeting is adjourned for 30 days or more, notice of
    the adjourned meeting shall be given as in the case of an original
    meeting. Save as aforesaid it shall not be necessary to give any
    notice of an adjournment or of the business to be transacted at an
    adjourned meeting.

17. At any general meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting
    shall be decided on a show of hands unless a poll is (before or on
    the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded:

    (a) by the chairman; or
    (b) by at least 2 members present in person or by proxy; or
    (c) by any member or members present in person or by proxy and
        representing not less than one-tenth of the total voting rights of
        all the members having the right to vote at the meeting.

    Unless a poll be so demanded a declaration by the chairman that a
    resolution has on a show of hands been carried or carried
    unanimously. or by a particular majority, or lost and an entry to
    that effect in the book containing the minutes of proceedings of
    the Association shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without
    proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favor
    of or against such resolution.

    The demand for a poll may be withdrawn.

18. Except as provided in article 18, if a poll is duly demanded it shall
    be taken in such manner as the chairman directs, and the result
    of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at
    which the poll was demanded.

19. In the case of an equality of votes, whether on a show of hands or
    on a poll, the chairman of the meeting at which the show of hands
    takes place or at which the poll is demanded, shall be entitled to
    a second or casting vote.

20. A poll demanded on the election of a chairman, or on a question of
    adjournment, shall be taken forthwith.  A poll demanded on any other
    question shall be taken at such time as the chairman of the meeting
    directs, and any business other than that upon which a poll has been
    demanded may be proceeded with pending the taking of the poll.

                                Votes of Members

21. Every member shall have 1 vote.

22. A member of unsound mind, or in respect of whom an order has been
    made by any court having jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether
    on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee, receiver,
    curator bonis or other person in the nature of a committee,
    receiver or curator bonis appointed by that court, and any such
    committee. receiver, curator bonis or other person may, in a poll,
    vote by proxy.

23. No member shall be entitled to vote at any general meeting unless
    all moneys payable by him to the Association in his capacity as
    member, and which have been outstanding for more than I month after
    they fell due for payment, have been paid.

24. On a poll votes may be given either personally or by proxy.

25. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be in writing under the hand
    of the appointer or of his attorney duly authorized in writing or. if
    the appointer is a corporation, either under seal or under the hand
    of an officer or attorney duly authorized. A proxy need not be a
    member of the Association.

26. The instrument appointing a proxy and the power of attorney or other
    authority, if any, under which it is signed or a notarially certified
    copy of that power or authority shall be deposited at the registered
    office of the Association or at such other place within Hong Kong as
    is specified for that purpose in the notice convening the meeting,
    not less than 48 hours before the time for holding the meeting
    or adjourned meeting at which the person named in the instrument
    proposes to vote, or, in the case of a poll, not less than 24 hours
    before the time appointed for the taking of the poll, and in default
    the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.

27. An instrument appointing a proxy shall be in the following form or
    a form as near thereto as circumstances admit-

"I/We,                               of                                 ,
being a member/members of the above named Association, hereby appoint
                                     of
as my/our proxy to vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the [annual or
extraordinary, as the case may be] general meeting of the Association
to be held on the [ ] day of [month] [year], and at any adjournment
thereof. Signed this [ ] day of [month] [year]"

28. Where it is desired to afford members an opportunity of voting for
    or against a resolution the instrument appointing a proxy shall be in
    the following form or a form as near thereto as circumstances admit-

"I/We,                               of                                 ,
being a member/members of the above named Association, hereby appoint
                                     of
or failing him                                      as my/our proxy to
vote for me/us on my/our behalf at the [annual or extraordinary, as the
case may be] general meeting of the Association to be held on the [ ]
day of [month]. [year], and at any adjournment thereof. Signed this
[ ] day of [month] [year]

This form is to be used *in favour of / against the resolution. Unless
otherwise instructed, the proxy will vote as he sees fit.

"Strike out whichever is not desired.".

29. The instrument appointing a proxy shall be deemed to confer authority
    to demand or join in demanding a poll.

30. A vote given in accordance with the terms of an instrument of proxy
    shall be valid notwithstanding the previous death or insanity of
    the principal or revocation of the proxy or of the authority under
    which the proxy was executed, provided that no intimation in writing
    of such death, insanity or revocation as aforesaid shall have been
    received by the Association at the office before the commencement
    of the meeting or adjourned meeting at which the proxy is used.

                               Board of Directors

31. Until otherwise determined by a General Meeting, the number of members
    of the Board shall not be less than THREE (3) nor more than EIGHT (8).

32. The Board may from time to time and at any time appoint any member
    of the Association as a member of the Board, either to fill a
    casual vacancy or by way of addition to the Board, provided that the
    prescribed maximum be not thereby exceeded. Any member so appointed
    shall retain his office until the next Annual General Meeting,
    but shall then be eligible for re-election.

33. No person who is not a member of the Association shall in any
    circumstances be eligible to hold office as a member of the Board.

34. Unless otherwise determined by a General Meeting, all directors will
    serve the Board on a purely voluntary basis. and will not require
    any remuneration for services rendered unto the Board, except for
    any reasonable and proper remuneration to any officer, employee,
    or member of the Association in return for any services provided
    to the Association. The directors shall be paid all travelling,
    hotel and other expenses properly incurred by them in attending
    and returning from meetings of the Board or any committee of the
    directors or general meetings of the Association or in connection
    with the business of the Association.

                                Borrowing Powers

35. The Board may exercise all the powers of the Association to borrow
    money, and to mortgage or charge its undertaking and property,
    or any part thereof, and to issue debentures, debenture stock and
    other securities, whether outright or as security for any debt,
    liability or obligation of the Association or of any third party.

                         Powers and Duties of the Board

36. The business of the Association shall be managed by the Board,
    who may pay all expenses incurred in promoting and registering the
    Association, and may exercise all such powers of the Association
    as are not, by the Ordinance or by these articles, required to be
    exercised by the Association in general meeting, subject nevertheless
    to the provisions of the Ordinance or these articles and to such
    regulations, being not inconsistent with the aforesaid provisions,
    as may be prescribed by the Association in general meeting; but
    no regulation made by the Association in general meeting shall
    invalidate any prior act of the Board which would have been valid
    if that regulation had not been made.

37. The Board may from time to time and at any time by power of attorney
    appoint any company, firm or person or body of persons, whether
    nominated directly or indirectly by the Board, to be the attorney
    or attorneys of the Association for such purposes and with such
    powers, authorities and discretions (not exceeding those vested in or
    exercisable by the Board under these articles) and for such period
    and subject to such conditions as they may think fit, and any such
    powers of attorney may contain such provisions for the protection and
    convenience of persons dealing with any such attorney as the Board
    may think fit and may also authorize any such attorney to delegate
    all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions vested in him.

38. All cheques, promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and
    other negotiable instruments, and all receipts for moneys paid
    to the Association, shall be signed, drawn, accepted, endorsed,
    or otherwise executed, as the case may be, in such manner as the
    Board shall from time to time by resolution determine.

39. The Board shall cause minutes to be made in books provided for
    the purpose:

    (a) of all appointments of officers made by the Board;
    (b) of the names of the Board present at each meeting of the Board
        and of any committee of the directors;
    (c) of all resolutions and proceedings at all meetings of the
        Association, and of the Board, and of committees of directors,

    and every director present at any meeting of the Board or committee of
    directors shall sign his name in a book to be kept for that purpose.

                          Disqualification of Directors

40. The office of director shall be vacated if the director:
    (a) without the consent of the Association in general meeting holds
        any other office of profit under the Association; or
    (b) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition with
        his creditors generally; or
    (c) becomes prohibited from being a director by reason of any
        disqualification order made under Part IVA of the Ordinance; or
        (Amended 30 of 1994 s. 11)
    (d) becomes of unsound mind; or
    (e) resigns his office by notice in writing to the Association given
        in accordance with section 157D(3)(a) of the Ordinance; or
    (f) shall for more than 6 months have been absent without permission
        of the Board from meetings of the Board held during that period; or
    (g) is directly or indirectly interested in any contract (being a
        contract of significance in relation to the Association's
        business) with the Association and, if his interest in the
        contract is material, fails to declare the nature of his interest
        in manner required by section 162 of the Ordinance.
    A director shall not vote in respect of any contract in which he is
    interested or any matter arising thereout, and if he does so vote
    his vote shall not be counted.

                              Rotation of Directors

41. At each annual general meeting of the Association all the directors
    shall retire from office.

42. A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election.

43. The Association at the meeting at which a director retires in manner
    aforesaid may fill the vacated office by electing a person thereto,
    and in default the retiring director shall, if offering himself
    for re-election, be deemed to have been re-elected, unless at such
    meeting it is expressly resolved not to till such vacated office or
    unless a resolution for the re-election of such director shall have
    been put to the meeting and lost.

44. No person other than a director retiring at the meeting shall,
    unless recommended by the Board, be eligible for election to the
    office of director at any general meeting unless, not less than 3 nor
    more than 21 days before the date appointed for the meeting, there
    shall have been left at the registered office of the Association
    notice in writing. signed by a member duly qualified to attend and
    vote at the meeting for which such notice is given, of his intention
    to propose such person for election, and also notice in writing
    signed by that person of his willingness to be elected.

45. The Association may from time to time by ordinary resolution increase
    or reduce the number of directors, and may also determine in what
    rotation the increased or reduced number is to go out of office.

46. The Board shall have power at any time. and from time to time,
    to appoint any person to be a director either to fill a casual vacancy
    or as an addition to the existing directors, but so that the total
    number of directors shall not at any time exceed the number fixed
    in accordance with these articles. Any director so appointed shall
    hold office only until the next following annual general meeting,
    and shall then be eligible for re-election.

47. The Association may by special resolution remove any director before
    the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding anything in
    these articles or in any agreement between the Association and such
    director.  Such removal shall be without prejudice to any claim such
    director may have for damages for breach of any contract of service
    between him and the Association.

48. The Association may by ordinary resolution appoint another person
    in place of a director removed from office under the immediately
    preceding article. Without prejudice to the powers of the Board
    under article 45, the Association in general meeting may appoint
    any person to be a director either to fill a casual vacancy or as
    an additional director. The person appointed to fill such a vacancy
    shall be subject to retirement at the same time as if he had become
    a director on the day on which the director in whose place he is
    appointed was last elected a director.

                            Proceedings of The Board

49. The Board may meet together for the dispatch of business, adjourn,
    and otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit. Questions
    arising at any meeting shall be decided by a majority of votes. In
    the case of an equality of votes the chairman shall have a second or
    casting vote. A director may, and the secretary on the requisition
    of a director shall, at any time summon a meeting of the Board. It
    shall not be necessary to give notice of a meeting of the Board to
    any director for the time being absent from Hong Kong.

50. The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the
    Board may be fixed by the Board, and unless so fixed shall be THREE
    (3),

51. The continuing Board may act notwithstanding any vacancy in their
    body, but, if and so long as their number is reduced below the
    number fixed by or pursuant to the articles of the Association as
    the necessary quorum of directors, the continuing Board may act for
    the purpose of increasing the number of directors to that number,
    or of summoning a general meeting of the Association, but for no
    other purpose.

52. The Board may elect a chairman of their meetings and determine
    the period for which he is to hold office; but, if no such chairman
    is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within
    5 minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the directors
    present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

53. The Board may delegate any of their powers to committees consisting
    of such member or members of their body as they think fit; any
    committee so formed shall in the exercise of the powers so delegated
    conform to any regulations that may be imposed on it by the Board.

54. A committee may elect a chairman of its meetings; if no such chairman
    is elected, or if at any meeting the chairman is not present within
    5 minutes after the time appointed for holding the same, the members
    present may choose one of their number to be chairman of the meeting.

55. A committee may meet and adjourn as it thinks proper. Questions
    arising at any meeting shall be determined by a majority of votes
    of the members present, and in the case of an equality of votes the
    chairman shall have a second or casting vote.

56. All acts done by any meeting of the Board or of a committee of
    directors, or by any person acting as a director, shall
    notwithstanding that it be afterwards discovered that there was some
    defect in the appointment of any such director or person acting
    as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, be
    as valid as if e~ery such person had been duly appointed and was
    qualified to be a director.

57. A resolution in writing, signed by all the directors for the time
    being entitled to receive notice of a meeting of the Board, shall
    be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of
    the Board duly convened and held.

                                    Secretary

58. The secretary shall be appointed by the Board for such term, at such
    remuneration and upon such conditions as they may think lit; and
    any secretary so appointed may be removed by them.

59. A provision of the Ordinance or these articles requiring or
    authorizing a thing to be done by or to a director and the secretary
    shall not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person
    acting both as director and as, or in place of, the secretary.

                                    The Seal

60. The Board shall provide for the safe custody of the seal, which
    shall only be used by the authority of the Board or of a committee
    of the directors authorized by the Board in that behalf, and every
    instrument to which the seal shall be affixed shall be signed by
    a director and shall be countersigned by the secretary or by a
    second director or by some other person appointed by the Board for
    the purpose.

                                    Accounts

61. The Board shall cause proper books of account to be kept with respect to:
    (a) all sums of money received and expended by the Association and
        the matters in respect of which the receipt and expenditure
        takes place;
    (b) all sales and purchases of goods by the Association; and
    (c) the assets and liabilities of the Association.
    Proper books shall not be deemed to be kept if there are not kept
    such books of account as are necessary to give a true and fair
    view of the state of the Association's affairs and to explain its
    transactions.

62. The books of account shall be kept at the registered office of the
    Association, or, subject to section 121(3) of the Ordinance, at such
    other place or places as the Board think fit, and shall always be
    open to the inspection of the directors.

63. The Board shall from time to time determine whether and to what
    extent and at what times and places and under what conditions or
    regulations the accounts and books of the Association or any of them
    shall be open to the inspection of members not being directors, and no
    member (not being a director) shall have any right of inspecting any
    account or book or document of the Association except as conferred
    by statute or authorized by the Board or by the Association in
    general meeting.

64. The Board shall from time to time in accordance with sections 122,
    124 and 129D of the Ordinance, cause to be prepared and to be laid
    before the Association in general meeting such profit and loss
    accounts, balance sheets, group accounts (if any) and reports as
    are referred to in those sections.

65. A copy of every balance sheet (including every document required by
    law to be annexed thereto) which is to be laid before the Association
    in general meeting, together with a copy of the Board's report and
    a copy of the auditor's report, shall not less than 14 days before
    the date of the meeting be sent to every member of, and every holder
    of debentures of, the Association:

    Provided that this article shall not require a copy of those documents
    to be sent to any person of whose address the Association is not
    aware or to more than one of the joint holders of any debentures.

                                      Audit
66. Auditors shall be appointed and their duties regulated in accordance
    with sections 131, 132, 133, 140, 140A, 140B and 141 of the Ordinance.

                                     Notices

67. A notice may be given by the Association to any member either
    personally or by sending it by post to him or to his registered
    address, or (if he has no registered address within Hong Kong) to the
    address, if any, within Hong Kong supplied by him to the Association
    for the giving of notice to him. Where a notice is sent by post,
    service of the notice shall be deemed to be effected by properly
    addressing, prepaying and posting a letter containing the notice,
    and to have been effected in the case of a notice of a meeting at
    the expiration of 48 hours after the letter containing the same is
    posted, and in any other case at the time at which the letter would
    be delivered in the ordinary course of post.

68. Notice of every general meeting shall be given in any manner
    hereinbefore authorized to-

    (a) every member except those members who (having no registered
        address within Hong Kong) have not supplied to the Association
        an address within Hong Kong for the giving of notices to them; and
    (b) the auditors for the time being of the Association.
    No other person shall be entitled to receive notices of general meetings.

69. Every director. managing director, agent, auditor, secretary and
    other officer for the time being of the Association shall be
    indemnified out of the assets of the Association against any liability
    incurred by him in relation to the Association in defending any
    proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given
    in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in connection with any
    application under section 358 of the Ordinance in which relief is
    granted to him by the court.

                                   Dissolution

70. If upon the winding up or dissolution of the Association there
    remains, after the satisfaction of all its debts and liabilities, any
    property whatsoever, the same shall not be paid to, or distributed
    among, the members of the Association, but shall be transferred
    either to some other institution (whether or not a member of the
    Association) having objects similar to the objects of the Association,
    or to some institution (whether or not a member of the Association)
    the objects of which are the promotion of charity and anything
    incidental or conducive thereto, such institution or institutions
    to be determined by the members of the Association at or before the
    time of dissolution.


Note: The full name, address and signatures for these persons and their
witness can be viewed in the original PDF.  Only the English name and
profession have been transcribed.

1.      LEE, Shang Hsin Julian,         Investment Professional.
2.      Alexander Michael LIST,         IT Professional
3.      LIANG, Wei-Yuen William,        Entrepreneur
4.      Jonathan BUFORD,                Entrepreneur
5.      Alex HORNSTEIN,                 Investor
6.      Timothy CHANG
7.      Martin DENGLER,                 IT Professional
8       Stewart MACKENZIE,              Company Owner
9.      LEUNG, Elton Yu Man,            Company Owner
10.     Paul, SYKES,                    IT Professional
11.     Mathis Aurelius,                Student

Dated this 11th day of October, 2011.

Witness to the above signatures,
                                        Thomas Alexander Grek
                                        Solicitor.

